This directory contains stand-alone programs that demonstrate Ion usage.  The
programs here are not tests in the gtest sense.  There is no attempt to have
them conform to any particular standard; "all bets are off in demos/."  They are
best used for two purposes:
 - to educate developers on how to use Ion in their own code
 - to confirm that changes to the Ion libraries do not create visual artifacts

Note that on OSX, XQuartz is required for demos to compile and run.

The demos expose various settings through the remote interface. Point your
browser at http://localhost:1234 to modify them.

The following demo programs are non-interactive:

- ionsimpledraw
  Minimal non-interactive example that draws two rectangles.

- volatilescene
  A version of ionsimpledraw that builds the scene on every frame. Note that
  doing this in real-world applications will result in terrible performance.

The following demo programs act as interactive viewers:

- iondraw
  Displays three simple objects with optional animation.

- shapedemo
  Displays four different textured shapes: a quad, a cube, a sphere and
  a cylinder. Demonstrates the helper functions for procedural construction
  of simple meshes. All parameters of the meshes can be adjusted in the remote
  interface.

- gearsdemo
  Shows rotating, interlocking, untextured gears in rainbow colors laid out
  on a square grid. Demonstrates instanced rendering and using buffer objects
  to pass per-instance data into the shader.

- shoedemo
  Shows a 3D scan of a shoe with advanced shading. Demonstrates depth mapping,
  shadow mapping, multipass blurring, use of FBOs and rendering to a texture.

- skindemo
  Shows a head model. Demonstrates normal mapping, subsurface scattering
  and physically-based shading.

- textdemo
  Shows a few lines of Unicode text. Demonstrates the text renderer included
  in Ion, based on signed distance fields.

- threadingdemo
  Shiny, reflective ball floating inside a marble structure. Shows how to
  concurrently render the same nodes from multiple threads.


Asset Credits

res/marble.jpg is a cropped and seamless version of Marble pattern 008.jpg,
made by Amada44 and downloaded from Wikimedia Commons:
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Marble_pattern_008.jpg
